h1. DeskTime

h4. By: Hunter Dolan (http://madebyhd.us)

h4. Released under: MIT License


h2. Notes

p. This app was my first mac application. It was originally planned to be a paid app, but I don't have the time to continue working on it, so I've open sourced it so it can live on forever.
p. Please note: This is in the EOL (End of Life) stage of development. I will no longer support it.

**Because this was a paid app there was a licensing system in place**

You can bypass it by giving it this generic license

<pre><code>PD94bWwgdmVyc2lvbj0iMS4wIiBlbmNvZGluZz0iVVRGLTgiPz4KPCFET0NUWVBFIHBsaXN0IFBVQkxJQyAiLS8vQXBwb
GUvL0RURCBQTElTVCAxLjAvL0VOIiAiaHR0cDovL3d3dy5hcHBsZS5jb20vRFREcy9Qcm9wZXJ0eUxpc3QtMS4wLmR0ZCI+Cjxw
bGlzdCB2ZXJzaW9uPSIxLjAiPgo8ZGljdD4KCTxrZXk+RW1haWw8L2tleT4KCTxzdHJpbmc+U29tZSBFbWFpbDwvc3RyaW5nPgo
JPGtleT5OYW1lPC9rZXk+Cgk8c3RyaW5nPlNvbWVvbmU8L3N0cmluZz4KCTxrZXk+U2lnbmF0dXJlPC9rZXk+Cgk8ZGF0YT4KCU
lHMG1uU1hmQ2NLelArVzk1bE1NcDN0TEhIK0pZdm5tbHQ0bjRYWHpFZmloc2FpRmZqdVJ3dkxxU1ZoSjkxN1lKcitwCglTMG8wc
mZhV3pYeTdRaHFpb3hneWh4Mm1xY3lrdDM4UnozUCtabDdvdFFHbEZRUGxrdExiRmlTcEFyLzdUYU8vcmRkdQoJOHRFaFphVUNp
SlJWV3RMditOODYyQ1gwUUswVWJuZkR1NGc9Cgk8L2RhdGE+CjwvZGljdD4KPC9wbGlzdD4K</code></pre>




h2. Original Description

**DeskTime is a Mac users dream!**

p. For years I have loved changing up my wallpaper. But what if you could have a different wallpaper for ever part of the day. Have one in the morning, one in the afternoon, & one at night. With DeskTime that dream can now be a reality. DeskTime is a lightweight background service that will change your preset wallpaper depending on the time of the day. Right now you can only have 3 wallpapers but we plan to allow users to define custom Times & Dates.


h2. License

Copyright (c) 2011 Hunter Dolan

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.